## atlas dataLakePipelines availableSchedules list

Return all available schedules for the specified data lake pipeline.


### Synopsis

To use this command, you must authenticate with a user account or an API key with the Project Read Only role.


### Usage
```
atlas dataLakePipelines availableSchedules list [flags]
```

### Aliases
```

atlas dataLakePipelines availableSchedules list
atlas dataLakePipelines availableSchedules ls
atlas dataLakePipelines availableschedules list
atlas dataLakePipelines availableschedules ls
atlas dataLakePipelines available-schedules list
atlas dataLakePipelines available-schedules ls
atlas dataLakePipelines availableSchedule list
atlas dataLakePipelines availableSchedule ls
atlas dataLakePipelines availableschedule list
atlas dataLakePipelines availableschedule ls
atlas dataLakePipelines available-schedule list
atlas dataLakePipelines available-schedule ls
atlas datalakepipelines availableSchedules list
atlas datalakepipelines availableSchedules ls
atlas datalakepipelines availableschedules list
atlas datalakepipelines availableschedules ls
atlas datalakepipelines available-schedules list
atlas datalakepipelines available-schedules ls
atlas datalakepipelines availableSchedule list
atlas datalakepipelines availableSchedule ls
atlas datalakepipelines availableschedule list
atlas datalakepipelines availableschedule ls
atlas datalakepipelines available-schedule list
atlas datalakepipelines available-schedule ls
atlas data-lake-pipelines availableSchedules list
atlas data-lake-pipelines availableSchedules ls
atlas data-lake-pipelines availableschedules list
atlas data-lake-pipelines availableschedules ls
atlas data-lake-pipelines available-schedules list
atlas data-lake-pipelines available-schedules ls
atlas data-lake-pipelines availableSchedule list
atlas data-lake-pipelines availableSchedule ls
atlas data-lake-pipelines availableschedule list
atlas data-lake-pipelines availableschedule ls
atlas data-lake-pipelines available-schedule list
atlas data-lake-pipelines available-schedule ls
atlas dataLakePipeline availableSchedules list
atlas dataLakePipeline availableSchedules ls
atlas dataLakePipeline availableschedules list
atlas dataLakePipeline availableschedules ls
atlas dataLakePipeline available-schedules list
atlas dataLakePipeline available-schedules ls
atlas dataLakePipeline availableSchedule list
atlas dataLakePipeline availableSchedule ls
atlas dataLakePipeline availableschedule list
atlas dataLakePipeline availableschedule ls
atlas dataLakePipeline available-schedule list
atlas dataLakePipeline available-schedule ls
atlas datalakepipeline availableSchedules list
atlas datalakepipeline availableSchedules ls
atlas datalakepipeline availableschedules list
atlas datalakepipeline availableschedules ls
atlas datalakepipeline available-schedules list
atlas datalakepipeline available-schedules ls
atlas datalakepipeline availableSchedule list
atlas datalakepipeline availableSchedule ls
atlas datalakepipeline availableschedule list
atlas datalakepipeline availableschedule ls
atlas datalakepipeline available-schedule list
atlas datalakepipeline available-schedule ls
atlas data-lake-pipeline availableSchedules list
atlas data-lake-pipeline availableSchedules ls
atlas data-lake-pipeline availableschedules list
atlas data-lake-pipeline availableschedules ls
atlas data-lake-pipeline available-schedules list
atlas data-lake-pipeline available-schedules ls
atlas data-lake-pipeline availableSchedule list
atlas data-lake-pipeline availableSchedule ls
atlas data-lake-pipeline availableschedule list
atlas data-lake-pipeline availableschedule ls
atlas data-lake-pipeline available-schedule list
atlas data-lake-pipeline available-schedule ls
```

### Examples

```
# list available schedules for data lake pipeline called 'Pipeline1':
  atlas dataLakePipelines availableSchedules list Pipeline1

```


### Flags

```
  -h, --help               help for list
  -o, --output string      Output format. Valid values are json, json-path, go-template, or go-template-file. To see the full output, use the -o json option.
      --pipeline string    Name of the Data lake pipeline.
      --projectId string   Hexadecimal string that identifies the project to use. This option overrides the settings in the configuration file or environment variable.

```


### Flags inherited from parent commands

```
  -P, --profile string   Name of the profile to use from your configuration file. To learn about profiles for the Atlas CLI, see https://dochub.mongodb.org/core/atlas-cli-save-connection-settings.

```

### See Also


* [atlas dataLakePipelines availableSchedules](atlas_dataLakePipelines_availableSchedules.md)	- Manage available schedules for the specified data lake pipeline.



