## atlas dataFederation queryLimits list

Returns all data federation query limits for your project.


### Synopsis

To use this command, you must authenticate with a user account or an API key with the Project Read Only role.


### Usage
```
atlas dataFederation queryLimits list [flags]
```

### Aliases
```

atlas dataFederation queryLimits list
atlas dataFederation queryLimits ls
atlas dataFederation querylimits list
atlas dataFederation querylimits ls
atlas dataFederation query-limits list
atlas dataFederation query-limits ls
atlas dataFederation queryLimit list
atlas dataFederation queryLimit ls
atlas dataFederation querylimit list
atlas dataFederation querylimit ls
atlas dataFederation query-limit list
atlas dataFederation query-limit ls
atlas datafederation queryLimits list
atlas datafederation queryLimits ls
atlas datafederation querylimits list
atlas datafederation querylimits ls
atlas datafederation query-limits list
atlas datafederation query-limits ls
atlas datafederation queryLimit list
atlas datafederation queryLimit ls
atlas datafederation querylimit list
atlas datafederation querylimit ls
atlas datafederation query-limit list
atlas datafederation query-limit ls
atlas data-federation queryLimits list
atlas data-federation queryLimits ls
atlas data-federation querylimits list
atlas data-federation querylimits ls
atlas data-federation query-limits list
atlas data-federation query-limits ls
atlas data-federation queryLimit list
atlas data-federation queryLimit ls
atlas data-federation querylimit list
atlas data-federation querylimit ls
atlas data-federation query-limit list
atlas data-federation query-limit ls
```

### Examples

```
# list all data federation query limits:
  atlas dataFederation queryLimits list

```


### Flags

```
      --dataFederation string   Identifier of the Federated Database Instance.
  -h, --help                    help for list
  -o, --output string           Output format. Valid values are json, json-path, go-template, or go-template-file. To see the full output, use the -o json option.
      --projectId string        Hexadecimal string that identifies the project to use. This option overrides the settings in the configuration file or environment variable.

```


### Flags inherited from parent commands

```
  -P, --profile string   Name of the profile to use from your configuration file. To learn about profiles for the Atlas CLI, see https://dochub.mongodb.org/core/atlas-cli-save-connection-settings.

```

### See Also


* [atlas dataFederation queryLimits](atlas_dataFederation_queryLimits.md)	- Data federation query limits.



