## atlas cloudProviders accessRoles aws deauthorize

Deauthorize an AWS IAM role.


### Synopsis

To use this command, you must authenticate with a user account or an API key with the Project Owner role.


### Usage
```
atlas cloudProviders accessRoles aws deauthorize <roleId> [flags]
```

### Aliases
```

atlas cloudProviders accessRoles aws deauthorize
atlas cloudProviders accessroles aws deauthorize
atlas cloudProviders access-roles aws deauthorize
atlas cloudProviders accessRole aws deauthorize
atlas cloudProviders accessrole aws deauthorize
atlas cloudProviders access-role aws deauthorize
atlas cloudproviders accessRoles aws deauthorize
atlas cloudproviders accessroles aws deauthorize
atlas cloudproviders access-roles aws deauthorize
atlas cloudproviders accessRole aws deauthorize
atlas cloudproviders accessrole aws deauthorize
atlas cloudproviders access-role aws deauthorize
atlas cloud-providers accessRoles aws deauthorize
atlas cloud-providers accessroles aws deauthorize
atlas cloud-providers access-roles aws deauthorize
atlas cloud-providers accessRole aws deauthorize
atlas cloud-providers accessrole aws deauthorize
atlas cloud-providers access-role aws deauthorize
atlas cloudProvider accessRoles aws deauthorize
atlas cloudProvider accessroles aws deauthorize
atlas cloudProvider access-roles aws deauthorize
atlas cloudProvider accessRole aws deauthorize
atlas cloudProvider accessrole aws deauthorize
atlas cloudProvider access-role aws deauthorize
atlas cloudprovider accessRoles aws deauthorize
atlas cloudprovider accessroles aws deauthorize
atlas cloudprovider access-roles aws deauthorize
atlas cloudprovider accessRole aws deauthorize
atlas cloudprovider accessrole aws deauthorize
atlas cloudprovider access-role aws deauthorize
atlas cloud-provider accessRoles aws deauthorize
atlas cloud-provider accessroles aws deauthorize
atlas cloud-provider access-roles aws deauthorize
atlas cloud-provider accessRole aws deauthorize
atlas cloud-provider accessrole aws deauthorize
atlas cloud-provider access-role aws deauthorize
```



### Flags

```
      --force              Flag that indicates whether to skip the confirmation prompt before proceeding with the requested action.
  -h, --help               help for deauthorize
      --projectId string   Hexadecimal string that identifies the project to use. This option overrides the settings in the configuration file or environment variable.

```


### Flags inherited from parent commands

```
  -P, --profile string   Name of the profile to use from your configuration file. To learn about profiles for the Atlas CLI, see https://dochub.mongodb.org/core/atlas-cli-save-connection-settings.

```

### See Also


* [atlas cloudProviders accessRoles aws](atlas_cloudProviders_accessRoles_aws.md)	- Manage AWS IAM role access in Atlas.



