## atlas cloudProviders accessRoles list

List AWS IAM role access in Atlas.


### Synopsis

To use this command, you must authenticate with a user account or an API key with the Project Owner role.


### Usage
```
atlas cloudProviders accessRoles list [flags]
```

### Aliases
```

atlas cloudProviders accessRoles list
atlas cloudProviders accessRoles ls
atlas cloudProviders accessroles list
atlas cloudProviders accessroles ls
atlas cloudProviders access-roles list
atlas cloudProviders access-roles ls
atlas cloudProviders accessRole list
atlas cloudProviders accessRole ls
atlas cloudProviders accessrole list
atlas cloudProviders accessrole ls
atlas cloudProviders access-role list
atlas cloudProviders access-role ls
atlas cloudproviders accessRoles list
atlas cloudproviders accessRoles ls
atlas cloudproviders accessroles list
atlas cloudproviders accessroles ls
atlas cloudproviders access-roles list
atlas cloudproviders access-roles ls
atlas cloudproviders accessRole list
atlas cloudproviders accessRole ls
atlas cloudproviders accessrole list
atlas cloudproviders accessrole ls
atlas cloudproviders access-role list
atlas cloudproviders access-role ls
atlas cloud-providers accessRoles list
atlas cloud-providers accessRoles ls
atlas cloud-providers accessroles list
atlas cloud-providers accessroles ls
atlas cloud-providers access-roles list
atlas cloud-providers access-roles ls
atlas cloud-providers accessRole list
atlas cloud-providers accessRole ls
atlas cloud-providers accessrole list
atlas cloud-providers accessrole ls
atlas cloud-providers access-role list
atlas cloud-providers access-role ls
atlas cloudProvider accessRoles list
atlas cloudProvider accessRoles ls
atlas cloudProvider accessroles list
atlas cloudProvider accessroles ls
atlas cloudProvider access-roles list
atlas cloudProvider access-roles ls
atlas cloudProvider accessRole list
atlas cloudProvider accessRole ls
atlas cloudProvider accessrole list
atlas cloudProvider accessrole ls
atlas cloudProvider access-role list
atlas cloudProvider access-role ls
atlas cloudprovider accessRoles list
atlas cloudprovider accessRoles ls
atlas cloudprovider accessroles list
atlas cloudprovider accessroles ls
atlas cloudprovider access-roles list
atlas cloudprovider access-roles ls
atlas cloudprovider accessRole list
atlas cloudprovider accessRole ls
atlas cloudprovider accessrole list
atlas cloudprovider accessrole ls
atlas cloudprovider access-role list
atlas cloudprovider access-role ls
atlas cloud-provider accessRoles list
atlas cloud-provider accessRoles ls
atlas cloud-provider accessroles list
atlas cloud-provider accessroles ls
atlas cloud-provider access-roles list
atlas cloud-provider access-roles ls
atlas cloud-provider accessRole list
atlas cloud-provider accessRole ls
atlas cloud-provider accessrole list
atlas cloud-provider accessrole ls
atlas cloud-provider access-role list
atlas cloud-provider access-role ls
```



### Flags

```
  -h, --help               help for list
  -o, --output string      Output format. Valid values are json, json-path, go-template, or go-template-file. To see the full output, use the -o json option.
      --projectId string   Hexadecimal string that identifies the project to use. This option overrides the settings in the configuration file or environment variable.

```


### Flags inherited from parent commands

```
  -P, --profile string   Name of the profile to use from your configuration file. To learn about profiles for the Atlas CLI, see https://dochub.mongodb.org/core/atlas-cli-save-connection-settings.

```

### See Also


* [atlas cloudProviders accessRoles](atlas_cloudProviders_accessRoles.md)	- Manage AWS IAM role access in Atlas.



