## atlas cloudProviders accessRoles

Manage AWS IAM role access in Atlas.




### Aliases
```

atlas cloudProviders accessRoles
atlas cloudProviders accessroles
atlas cloudProviders access-roles
atlas cloudProviders accessRole
atlas cloudProviders accessrole
atlas cloudProviders access-role
atlas cloudproviders accessRoles
atlas cloudproviders accessroles
atlas cloudproviders access-roles
atlas cloudproviders accessRole
atlas cloudproviders accessrole
atlas cloudproviders access-role
atlas cloud-providers accessRoles
atlas cloud-providers accessroles
atlas cloud-providers access-roles
atlas cloud-providers accessRole
atlas cloud-providers accessrole
atlas cloud-providers access-role
atlas cloudProvider accessRoles
atlas cloudProvider accessroles
atlas cloudProvider access-roles
atlas cloudProvider accessRole
atlas cloudProvider accessrole
atlas cloudProvider access-role
atlas cloudprovider accessRoles
atlas cloudprovider accessroles
atlas cloudprovider access-roles
atlas cloudprovider accessRole
atlas cloudprovider accessrole
atlas cloudprovider access-role
atlas cloud-provider accessRoles
atlas cloud-provider accessroles
atlas cloud-provider access-roles
atlas cloud-provider accessRole
atlas cloud-provider accessrole
atlas cloud-provider access-role
```



### Flags

```
  -h, --help   help for accessRoles

```


### Flags inherited from parent commands

```
  -P, --profile string   Name of the profile to use from your configuration file. To learn about profiles for the Atlas CLI, see https://dochub.mongodb.org/core/atlas-cli-save-connection-settings.

```

### See Also


* [atlas cloudProviders](atlas_cloudProviders.md)	- Manage cloud provider access in Atlas using AWS IAM roles.

* [atlas cloudProviders accessRoles aws](atlas_cloudProviders_accessRoles_aws.md)	- Manage AWS IAM role access in Atlas.

* [atlas cloudProviders accessRoles list](atlas_cloudProviders_accessRoles_list.md)	- List AWS IAM role access in Atlas.



