## atlas dataFederation privateEndpoints list

Returns all data federation private endpoints for your project.


### Synopsis

To use this command, you must authenticate with a user account or an API key with the Project Read Only role.


### Usage
```
atlas dataFederation privateEndpoints list [flags]
```

### Aliases
```

atlas dataFederation privateEndpoints list
atlas dataFederation privateEndpoints ls
atlas dataFederation privateendpoints list
atlas dataFederation privateendpoints ls
atlas dataFederation private-endpoints list
atlas dataFederation private-endpoints ls
atlas dataFederation privateEndpoint list
atlas dataFederation privateEndpoint ls
atlas dataFederation privateendpoint list
atlas dataFederation privateendpoint ls
atlas dataFederation private-endpoint list
atlas dataFederation private-endpoint ls
atlas datafederation privateEndpoints list
atlas datafederation privateEndpoints ls
atlas datafederation privateendpoints list
atlas datafederation privateendpoints ls
atlas datafederation private-endpoints list
atlas datafederation private-endpoints ls
atlas datafederation privateEndpoint list
atlas datafederation privateEndpoint ls
atlas datafederation privateendpoint list
atlas datafederation privateendpoint ls
atlas datafederation private-endpoint list
atlas datafederation private-endpoint ls
atlas data-federation privateEndpoints list
atlas data-federation privateEndpoints ls
atlas data-federation privateendpoints list
atlas data-federation privateendpoints ls
atlas data-federation private-endpoints list
atlas data-federation private-endpoints ls
atlas data-federation privateEndpoint list
atlas data-federation privateEndpoint ls
atlas data-federation privateendpoint list
atlas data-federation privateendpoint ls
atlas data-federation private-endpoint list
atlas data-federation private-endpoint ls
```

### Examples

```
# list all data federation private endpoints:
  atlas dataFederation privateEndpoints list

```


### Flags

```
  -h, --help               help for list
  -o, --output string      Output format. Valid values are json, json-path, go-template, or go-template-file. To see the full output, use the -o json option.
      --projectId string   Hexadecimal string that identifies the project to use. This option overrides the settings in the configuration file or environment variable.

```


### Flags inherited from parent commands

```
  -P, --profile string   Name of the profile to use from your configuration file. To learn about profiles for the Atlas CLI, see https://dochub.mongodb.org/core/atlas-cli-save-connection-settings.

```

### See Also


* [atlas dataFederation privateEndpoints](atlas_dataFederation_privateEndpoints.md)	- Data federation private endpoints.



