## atlas privateEndpoints regionalModes

Manage regionalized private endpoint setting for your Atlas project.




### Aliases
```

atlas privateEndpoints regionalModes
atlas privateEndpoints regionalmodes
atlas privateEndpoints regional-modes
atlas privateEndpoints regionalMode
atlas privateEndpoints regionalmode
atlas privateEndpoints regional-mode
atlas privateendpoints regionalModes
atlas privateendpoints regionalmodes
atlas privateendpoints regional-modes
atlas privateendpoints regionalMode
atlas privateendpoints regionalmode
atlas privateendpoints regional-mode
atlas private-endpoints regionalModes
atlas private-endpoints regionalmodes
atlas private-endpoints regional-modes
atlas private-endpoints regionalMode
atlas private-endpoints regionalmode
atlas private-endpoints regional-mode
atlas privateEndpoint regionalModes
atlas privateEndpoint regionalmodes
atlas privateEndpoint regional-modes
atlas privateEndpoint regionalMode
atlas privateEndpoint regionalmode
atlas privateEndpoint regional-mode
atlas privateendpoint regionalModes
atlas privateendpoint regionalmodes
atlas privateendpoint regional-modes
atlas privateendpoint regionalMode
atlas privateendpoint regionalmode
atlas privateendpoint regional-mode
atlas private-endpoint regionalModes
atlas private-endpoint regionalmodes
atlas private-endpoint regional-modes
atlas private-endpoint regionalMode
atlas private-endpoint regionalmode
atlas private-endpoint regional-mode
```



### Flags

```
  -h, --help   help for regionalModes

```


### Flags inherited from parent commands

```
  -P, --profile string   Name of the profile to use from your configuration file. To learn about profiles for the Atlas CLI, see https://dochub.mongodb.org/core/atlas-cli-save-connection-settings.

```

### See Also


* [atlas privateEndpoints](atlas_privateEndpoints.md)	- Manage Atlas private endpoints.

* [atlas privateEndpoints regionalModes describe](atlas_privateEndpoints_regionalModes_describe.md)	- Return the regionalized private endpoint setting for your project.

* [atlas privateEndpoints regionalModes disable](atlas_privateEndpoints_regionalModes_disable.md)	- Disable the regionalized private endpoint setting for your project.

* [atlas privateEndpoints regionalModes enable](atlas_privateEndpoints_regionalModes_enable.md)	- Enable the regionalized private endpoint setting for your project.



