## atlas federatedAuthentication federationSettings identityProvider create

Create Federated Authentication Identity Providers.




### Aliases
```

atlas federatedAuthentication federationSettings identityProvider create
atlas federatedAuthentication federationSettings identityprovider create
atlas federatedAuthentication federationSettings identity-provider create
atlas federatedAuthentication federationsettings identityProvider create
atlas federatedAuthentication federationsettings identityprovider create
atlas federatedAuthentication federationsettings identity-provider create
atlas federatedAuthentication federation-settings identityProvider create
atlas federatedAuthentication federation-settings identityprovider create
atlas federatedAuthentication federation-settings identity-provider create
atlas federatedAuthentication federationSetting identityProvider create
atlas federatedAuthentication federationSetting identityprovider create
atlas federatedAuthentication federationSetting identity-provider create
atlas federatedAuthentication federationsetting identityProvider create
atlas federatedAuthentication federationsetting identityprovider create
atlas federatedAuthentication federationsetting identity-provider create
atlas federatedAuthentication federation-setting identityProvider create
atlas federatedAuthentication federation-setting identityprovider create
atlas federatedAuthentication federation-setting identity-provider create
atlas federatedauthentication federationSettings identityProvider create
atlas federatedauthentication federationSettings identityprovider create
atlas federatedauthentication federationSettings identity-provider create
atlas federatedauthentication federationsettings identityProvider create
atlas federatedauthentication federationsettings identityprovider create
atlas federatedauthentication federationsettings identity-provider create
atlas federatedauthentication federation-settings identityProvider create
atlas federatedauthentication federation-settings identityprovider create
atlas federatedauthentication federation-settings identity-provider create
atlas federatedauthentication federationSetting identityProvider create
atlas federatedauthentication federationSetting identityprovider create
atlas federatedauthentication federationSetting identity-provider create
atlas federatedauthentication federationsetting identityProvider create
atlas federatedauthentication federationsetting identityprovider create
atlas federatedauthentication federationsetting identity-provider create
atlas federatedauthentication federation-setting identityProvider create
atlas federatedauthentication federation-setting identityprovider create
atlas federatedauthentication federation-setting identity-provider create
atlas federated-authentication federationSettings identityProvider create
atlas federated-authentication federationSettings identityprovider create
atlas federated-authentication federationSettings identity-provider create
atlas federated-authentication federationsettings identityProvider create
atlas federated-authentication federationsettings identityprovider create
atlas federated-authentication federationsettings identity-provider create
atlas federated-authentication federation-settings identityProvider create
atlas federated-authentication federation-settings identityprovider create
atlas federated-authentication federation-settings identity-provider create
atlas federated-authentication federationSetting identityProvider create
atlas federated-authentication federationSetting identityprovider create
atlas federated-authentication federationSetting identity-provider create
atlas federated-authentication federationsetting identityProvider create
atlas federated-authentication federationsetting identityprovider create
atlas federated-authentication federationsetting identity-provider create
atlas federated-authentication federation-setting identityProvider create
atlas federated-authentication federation-setting identityprovider create
atlas federated-authentication federation-setting identity-provider create
```



### Flags

```
  -h, --help   help for create

```


### Flags inherited from parent commands

```
  -P, --profile string   Name of the profile to use from your configuration file. To learn about profiles for the Atlas CLI, see https://dochub.mongodb.org/core/atlas-cli-save-connection-settings.

```

### See Also


* [atlas federatedAuthentication federationSettings identityProvider](atlas_federatedAuthentication_federationSettings_identityProvider.md)	- Manage Federated Authentication Identity Providers.

* [atlas federatedAuthentication federationSettings identityProvider create oidc](atlas_federatedAuthentication_federationSettings_identityProvider_create_oidc.md)	- Create an OIDC identity provider.



