## atlas backups compliancePolicy pointInTimeRestores

Manage whether the project uses Continuous Cloud Backups with a Backup Compliance Policy. Read more in the documentation: https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/backup/cloud-backup/configure-backup-policy/#configure-the-restore-window.




### Aliases
```

atlas backups compliancePolicy pointInTimeRestores
atlas backups compliancePolicy pointintimerestores
atlas backups compliancePolicy point-in-time-restores
atlas backups compliancePolicy pointInTimeRestore
atlas backups compliancePolicy pointintimerestore
atlas backups compliancePolicy point-in-time-restore
atlas backups compliancepolicy pointInTimeRestores
atlas backups compliancepolicy pointintimerestores
atlas backups compliancepolicy point-in-time-restores
atlas backups compliancepolicy pointInTimeRestore
atlas backups compliancepolicy pointintimerestore
atlas backups compliancepolicy point-in-time-restore
atlas backups compliance-policy pointInTimeRestores
atlas backups compliance-policy pointintimerestores
atlas backups compliance-policy point-in-time-restores
atlas backups compliance-policy pointInTimeRestore
atlas backups compliance-policy pointintimerestore
atlas backups compliance-policy point-in-time-restore
atlas backup compliancePolicy pointInTimeRestores
atlas backup compliancePolicy pointintimerestores
atlas backup compliancePolicy point-in-time-restores
atlas backup compliancePolicy pointInTimeRestore
atlas backup compliancePolicy pointintimerestore
atlas backup compliancePolicy point-in-time-restore
atlas backup compliancepolicy pointInTimeRestores
atlas backup compliancepolicy pointintimerestores
atlas backup compliancepolicy point-in-time-restores
atlas backup compliancepolicy pointInTimeRestore
atlas backup compliancepolicy pointintimerestore
atlas backup compliancepolicy point-in-time-restore
atlas backup compliance-policy pointInTimeRestores
atlas backup compliance-policy pointintimerestores
atlas backup compliance-policy point-in-time-restores
atlas backup compliance-policy pointInTimeRestore
atlas backup compliance-policy pointintimerestore
atlas backup compliance-policy point-in-time-restore
```



### Flags

```
  -h, --help   help for pointInTimeRestores

```


### Flags inherited from parent commands

```
  -P, --profile string   Name of the profile to use from your configuration file. To learn about profiles for the Atlas CLI, see https://dochub.mongodb.org/core/atlas-cli-save-connection-settings.

```

### See Also


* [atlas backups compliancePolicy](atlas_backups_compliancePolicy.md)	- Manage cloud backup compliance policy for your project. Use "atlas backups compliancepolicy setup" to enable backup compliance policy with a full configuration. Use "atlas backups compliancepolicy enable" to enable backup compliance policy without any configuration.

* [atlas backups compliancePolicy pointInTimeRestores enable](atlas_backups_compliancePolicy_pointInTimeRestores_enable.md)	- Enable Point-in-Time restores of the backup compliance policy for your project.



