## atlas cloudProviders accessRoles aws

Manage AWS IAM role access in Atlas.




### Aliases
```

atlas cloudProviders accessRoles aws
atlas cloudProviders accessroles aws
atlas cloudProviders access-roles aws
atlas cloudProviders accessRole aws
atlas cloudProviders accessrole aws
atlas cloudProviders access-role aws
atlas cloudproviders accessRoles aws
atlas cloudproviders accessroles aws
atlas cloudproviders access-roles aws
atlas cloudproviders accessRole aws
atlas cloudproviders accessrole aws
atlas cloudproviders access-role aws
atlas cloud-providers accessRoles aws
atlas cloud-providers accessroles aws
atlas cloud-providers access-roles aws
atlas cloud-providers accessRole aws
atlas cloud-providers accessrole aws
atlas cloud-providers access-role aws
atlas cloudProvider accessRoles aws
atlas cloudProvider accessroles aws
atlas cloudProvider access-roles aws
atlas cloudProvider accessRole aws
atlas cloudProvider accessrole aws
atlas cloudProvider access-role aws
atlas cloudprovider accessRoles aws
atlas cloudprovider accessroles aws
atlas cloudprovider access-roles aws
atlas cloudprovider accessRole aws
atlas cloudprovider accessrole aws
atlas cloudprovider access-role aws
atlas cloud-provider accessRoles aws
atlas cloud-provider accessroles aws
atlas cloud-provider access-roles aws
atlas cloud-provider accessRole aws
atlas cloud-provider accessrole aws
atlas cloud-provider access-role aws
```



### Flags

```
  -h, --help   help for aws

```


### Flags inherited from parent commands

```
  -P, --profile string   Name of the profile to use from your configuration file. To learn about profiles for the Atlas CLI, see https://dochub.mongodb.org/core/atlas-cli-save-connection-settings.

```

### See Also


* [atlas cloudProviders accessRoles](atlas_cloudProviders_accessRoles.md)	- Manage AWS IAM role access in Atlas.

* [atlas cloudProviders accessRoles aws authorize](atlas_cloudProviders_accessRoles_aws_authorize.md)	- Authorize an AWS IAM role.

* [atlas cloudProviders accessRoles aws create](atlas_cloudProviders_accessRoles_aws_create.md)	- Create an AWS IAM role.

* [atlas cloudProviders accessRoles aws deauthorize](atlas_cloudProviders_accessRoles_aws_deauthorize.md)	- Deauthorize an AWS IAM role.



