## atlas dataLakePipelines availableSchedules

Manage available schedules for the specified data lake pipeline.




### Aliases
```

atlas dataLakePipelines availableSchedules
atlas dataLakePipelines availableschedules
atlas dataLakePipelines available-schedules
atlas dataLakePipelines availableSchedule
atlas dataLakePipelines availableschedule
atlas dataLakePipelines available-schedule
atlas datalakepipelines availableSchedules
atlas datalakepipelines availableschedules
atlas datalakepipelines available-schedules
atlas datalakepipelines availableSchedule
atlas datalakepipelines availableschedule
atlas datalakepipelines available-schedule
atlas data-lake-pipelines availableSchedules
atlas data-lake-pipelines availableschedules
atlas data-lake-pipelines available-schedules
atlas data-lake-pipelines availableSchedule
atlas data-lake-pipelines availableschedule
atlas data-lake-pipelines available-schedule
atlas dataLakePipeline availableSchedules
atlas dataLakePipeline availableschedules
atlas dataLakePipeline available-schedules
atlas dataLakePipeline availableSchedule
atlas dataLakePipeline availableschedule
atlas dataLakePipeline available-schedule
atlas datalakepipeline availableSchedules
atlas datalakepipeline availableschedules
atlas datalakepipeline available-schedules
atlas datalakepipeline availableSchedule
atlas datalakepipeline availableschedule
atlas datalakepipeline available-schedule
atlas data-lake-pipeline availableSchedules
atlas data-lake-pipeline availableschedules
atlas data-lake-pipeline available-schedules
atlas data-lake-pipeline availableSchedule
atlas data-lake-pipeline availableschedule
atlas data-lake-pipeline available-schedule
```



### Flags

```
  -h, --help   help for availableSchedules

```


### Flags inherited from parent commands

```
  -P, --profile string   Name of the profile to use from your configuration file. To learn about profiles for the Atlas CLI, see https://dochub.mongodb.org/core/atlas-cli-save-connection-settings.

```

### See Also


* [atlas dataLakePipelines](atlas_dataLakePipelines.md)	- Data Lake pipelines.

* [atlas dataLakePipelines availableSchedules list](atlas_dataLakePipelines_availableSchedules_list.md)	- Return all available schedules for the specified data lake pipeline.



