## atlas cloudProviders accessRoles aws authorize

Authorize an AWS IAM role.


### Usage
```
atlas cloudProviders accessRoles aws authorize <roleId> [flags]
```

### Aliases
```

atlas cloudProviders accessRoles aws authorize
atlas cloudProviders accessroles aws authorize
atlas cloudProviders access-roles aws authorize
atlas cloudProviders accessRole aws authorize
atlas cloudProviders accessrole aws authorize
atlas cloudProviders access-role aws authorize
atlas cloudproviders accessRoles aws authorize
atlas cloudproviders accessroles aws authorize
atlas cloudproviders access-roles aws authorize
atlas cloudproviders accessRole aws authorize
atlas cloudproviders accessrole aws authorize
atlas cloudproviders access-role aws authorize
atlas cloud-providers accessRoles aws authorize
atlas cloud-providers accessroles aws authorize
atlas cloud-providers access-roles aws authorize
atlas cloud-providers accessRole aws authorize
atlas cloud-providers accessrole aws authorize
atlas cloud-providers access-role aws authorize
atlas cloudProvider accessRoles aws authorize
atlas cloudProvider accessroles aws authorize
atlas cloudProvider access-roles aws authorize
atlas cloudProvider accessRole aws authorize
atlas cloudProvider accessrole aws authorize
atlas cloudProvider access-role aws authorize
atlas cloudprovider accessRoles aws authorize
atlas cloudprovider accessroles aws authorize
atlas cloudprovider access-roles aws authorize
atlas cloudprovider accessRole aws authorize
atlas cloudprovider accessrole aws authorize
atlas cloudprovider access-role aws authorize
atlas cloud-provider accessRoles aws authorize
atlas cloud-provider accessroles aws authorize
atlas cloud-provider access-roles aws authorize
atlas cloud-provider accessRole aws authorize
atlas cloud-provider accessrole aws authorize
atlas cloud-provider access-role aws authorize
```



### Flags

```
  -h, --help                       help for authorize
      --iamAssumedRoleArn string   Role ARN that Atlas assumes to access your AWS account.
  -o, --output string              Output format. Valid values are json, json-path, go-template, or go-template-file. To see the full output, use the -o json option.
      --projectId string           Hexadecimal string that identifies the project to use. This option overrides the settings in the configuration file or environment variable.

```


### Flags inherited from parent commands

```
  -P, --profile string   Name of the profile to use from your configuration file. To learn about profiles for the Atlas CLI, see https://dochub.mongodb.org/core/atlas-cli-save-connection-settings.

```

### See Also


* [atlas cloudProviders accessRoles aws](atlas_cloudProviders_accessRoles_aws.md)	- Manage AWS IAM role access in Atlas.



