## atlas federatedAuthentication federationSettings identityProvider

Manage Federated Authentication Identity Providers.




### Aliases
```

atlas federatedAuthentication federationSettings identityProvider
atlas federatedAuthentication federationSettings identityprovider
atlas federatedAuthentication federationSettings identity-provider
atlas federatedAuthentication federationsettings identityProvider
atlas federatedAuthentication federationsettings identityprovider
atlas federatedAuthentication federationsettings identity-provider
atlas federatedAuthentication federation-settings identityProvider
atlas federatedAuthentication federation-settings identityprovider
atlas federatedAuthentication federation-settings identity-provider
atlas federatedAuthentication federationSetting identityProvider
atlas federatedAuthentication federationSetting identityprovider
atlas federatedAuthentication federationSetting identity-provider
atlas federatedAuthentication federationsetting identityProvider
atlas federatedAuthentication federationsetting identityprovider
atlas federatedAuthentication federationsetting identity-provider
atlas federatedAuthentication federation-setting identityProvider
atlas federatedAuthentication federation-setting identityprovider
atlas federatedAuthentication federation-setting identity-provider
atlas federatedauthentication federationSettings identityProvider
atlas federatedauthentication federationSettings identityprovider
atlas federatedauthentication federationSettings identity-provider
atlas federatedauthentication federationsettings identityProvider
atlas federatedauthentication federationsettings identityprovider
atlas federatedauthentication federationsettings identity-provider
atlas federatedauthentication federation-settings identityProvider
atlas federatedauthentication federation-settings identityprovider
atlas federatedauthentication federation-settings identity-provider
atlas federatedauthentication federationSetting identityProvider
atlas federatedauthentication federationSetting identityprovider
atlas federatedauthentication federationSetting identity-provider
atlas federatedauthentication federationsetting identityProvider
atlas federatedauthentication federationsetting identityprovider
atlas federatedauthentication federationsetting identity-provider
atlas federatedauthentication federation-setting identityProvider
atlas federatedauthentication federation-setting identityprovider
atlas federatedauthentication federation-setting identity-provider
atlas federated-authentication federationSettings identityProvider
atlas federated-authentication federationSettings identityprovider
atlas federated-authentication federationSettings identity-provider
atlas federated-authentication federationsettings identityProvider
atlas federated-authentication federationsettings identityprovider
atlas federated-authentication federationsettings identity-provider
atlas federated-authentication federation-settings identityProvider
atlas federated-authentication federation-settings identityprovider
atlas federated-authentication federation-settings identity-provider
atlas federated-authentication federationSetting identityProvider
atlas federated-authentication federationSetting identityprovider
atlas federated-authentication federationSetting identity-provider
atlas federated-authentication federationsetting identityProvider
atlas federated-authentication federationsetting identityprovider
atlas federated-authentication federationsetting identity-provider
atlas federated-authentication federation-setting identityProvider
atlas federated-authentication federation-setting identityprovider
atlas federated-authentication federation-setting identity-provider
```



### Flags

```
  -h, --help   help for identityProvider

```


### Flags inherited from parent commands

```
  -P, --profile string   Name of the profile to use from your configuration file. To learn about profiles for the Atlas CLI, see https://dochub.mongodb.org/core/atlas-cli-save-connection-settings.

```

### See Also


* [atlas federatedAuthentication federationSettings](atlas_federatedAuthentication_federationSettings.md)	- Manage Atlas Federated Authentication Federation Settings

* [atlas federatedAuthentication federationSettings identityProvider create](atlas_federatedAuthentication_federationSettings_identityProvider_create.md)	- Create Federated Authentication Identity Providers.

* [atlas federatedAuthentication federationSettings identityProvider delete](atlas_federatedAuthentication_federationSettings_identityProvider_delete.md)	- Remove the specified identity provider from your federation settings.

* [atlas federatedAuthentication federationSettings identityProvider describe](atlas_federatedAuthentication_federationSettings_identityProvider_describe.md)	- Describe the specified identity provider from your federation settings.

* [atlas federatedAuthentication federationSettings identityProvider list](atlas_federatedAuthentication_federationSettings_identityProvider_list.md)	- List the identity providers from your federation settings.

* [atlas federatedAuthentication federationSettings identityProvider revokeJwk](atlas_federatedAuthentication_federationSettings_identityProvider_revokeJwk.md)	- Revoke the JWK token from the specified identity provider from your federation settings.

* [atlas federatedAuthentication federationSettings identityProvider update](atlas_federatedAuthentication_federationSettings_identityProvider_update.md)	- Update Federated Authentication Identity Providers.



