## atlas cloudProviders accessRoles aws create

Create an AWS IAM role.


### Synopsis

To use this command, you must authenticate with a user account or an API key with the Project Owner role.


### Usage
```
atlas cloudProviders accessRoles aws create [flags]
```

### Aliases
```

atlas cloudProviders accessRoles aws create
atlas cloudProviders accessroles aws create
atlas cloudProviders access-roles aws create
atlas cloudProviders accessRole aws create
atlas cloudProviders accessrole aws create
atlas cloudProviders access-role aws create
atlas cloudproviders accessRoles aws create
atlas cloudproviders accessroles aws create
atlas cloudproviders access-roles aws create
atlas cloudproviders accessRole aws create
atlas cloudproviders accessrole aws create
atlas cloudproviders access-role aws create
atlas cloud-providers accessRoles aws create
atlas cloud-providers accessroles aws create
atlas cloud-providers access-roles aws create
atlas cloud-providers accessRole aws create
atlas cloud-providers accessrole aws create
atlas cloud-providers access-role aws create
atlas cloudProvider accessRoles aws create
atlas cloudProvider accessroles aws create
atlas cloudProvider access-roles aws create
atlas cloudProvider accessRole aws create
atlas cloudProvider accessrole aws create
atlas cloudProvider access-role aws create
atlas cloudprovider accessRoles aws create
atlas cloudprovider accessroles aws create
atlas cloudprovider access-roles aws create
atlas cloudprovider accessRole aws create
atlas cloudprovider accessrole aws create
atlas cloudprovider access-role aws create
atlas cloud-provider accessRoles aws create
atlas cloud-provider accessroles aws create
atlas cloud-provider access-roles aws create
atlas cloud-provider accessRole aws create
atlas cloud-provider accessrole aws create
atlas cloud-provider access-role aws create
```



### Flags

```
  -h, --help               help for create
  -o, --output string      Output format. Valid values are json, json-path, go-template, or go-template-file. To see the full output, use the -o json option.
      --projectId string   Hexadecimal string that identifies the project to use. This option overrides the settings in the configuration file or environment variable.

```


### Flags inherited from parent commands

```
  -P, --profile string   Name of the profile to use from your configuration file. To learn about profiles for the Atlas CLI, see https://dochub.mongodb.org/core/atlas-cli-save-connection-settings.

```

### See Also


* [atlas cloudProviders accessRoles aws](atlas_cloudProviders_accessRoles_aws.md)	- Manage AWS IAM role access in Atlas.



