## atlas federatedAuthentication federationSettings connectedOrgConfigs

Manage Atlas Federated Authentication Connected Orgs Config




### Aliases
```

atlas federatedAuthentication federationSettings connectedOrgConfigs
atlas federatedAuthentication federationSettings connectedorgconfigs
atlas federatedAuthentication federationSettings connected-org-configs
atlas federatedAuthentication federationSettings connectedOrgConfig
atlas federatedAuthentication federationSettings connectedorgconfig
atlas federatedAuthentication federationSettings connected-org-config
atlas federatedAuthentication federationsettings connectedOrgConfigs
atlas federatedAuthentication federationsettings connectedorgconfigs
atlas federatedAuthentication federationsettings connected-org-configs
atlas federatedAuthentication federationsettings connectedOrgConfig
atlas federatedAuthentication federationsettings connectedorgconfig
atlas federatedAuthentication federationsettings connected-org-config
atlas federatedAuthentication federation-settings connectedOrgConfigs
atlas federatedAuthentication federation-settings connectedorgconfigs
atlas federatedAuthentication federation-settings connected-org-configs
atlas federatedAuthentication federation-settings connectedOrgConfig
atlas federatedAuthentication federation-settings connectedorgconfig
atlas federatedAuthentication federation-settings connected-org-config
atlas federatedAuthentication federationSetting connectedOrgConfigs
atlas federatedAuthentication federationSetting connectedorgconfigs
atlas federatedAuthentication federationSetting connected-org-configs
atlas federatedAuthentication federationSetting connectedOrgConfig
atlas federatedAuthentication federationSetting connectedorgconfig
atlas federatedAuthentication federationSetting connected-org-config
atlas federatedAuthentication federationsetting connectedOrgConfigs
atlas federatedAuthentication federationsetting connectedorgconfigs
atlas federatedAuthentication federationsetting connected-org-configs
atlas federatedAuthentication federationsetting connectedOrgConfig
atlas federatedAuthentication federationsetting connectedorgconfig
atlas federatedAuthentication federationsetting connected-org-config
atlas federatedAuthentication federation-setting connectedOrgConfigs
atlas federatedAuthentication federation-setting connectedorgconfigs
atlas federatedAuthentication federation-setting connected-org-configs
atlas federatedAuthentication federation-setting connectedOrgConfig
atlas federatedAuthentication federation-setting connectedorgconfig
atlas federatedAuthentication federation-setting connected-org-config
atlas federatedauthentication federationSettings connectedOrgConfigs
atlas federatedauthentication federationSettings connectedorgconfigs
atlas federatedauthentication federationSettings connected-org-configs
atlas federatedauthentication federationSettings connectedOrgConfig
atlas federatedauthentication federationSettings connectedorgconfig
atlas federatedauthentication federationSettings connected-org-config
atlas federatedauthentication federationsettings connectedOrgConfigs
atlas federatedauthentication federationsettings connectedorgconfigs
atlas federatedauthentication federationsettings connected-org-configs
atlas federatedauthentication federationsettings connectedOrgConfig
atlas federatedauthentication federationsettings connectedorgconfig
atlas federatedauthentication federationsettings connected-org-config
atlas federatedauthentication federation-settings connectedOrgConfigs
atlas federatedauthentication federation-settings connectedorgconfigs
atlas federatedauthentication federation-settings connected-org-configs
atlas federatedauthentication federation-settings connectedOrgConfig
atlas federatedauthentication federation-settings connectedorgconfig
atlas federatedauthentication federation-settings connected-org-config
atlas federatedauthentication federationSetting connectedOrgConfigs
atlas federatedauthentication federationSetting connectedorgconfigs
atlas federatedauthentication federationSetting connected-org-configs
atlas federatedauthentication federationSetting connectedOrgConfig
atlas federatedauthentication federationSetting connectedorgconfig
atlas federatedauthentication federationSetting connected-org-config
atlas federatedauthentication federationsetting connectedOrgConfigs
atlas federatedauthentication federationsetting connectedorgconfigs
atlas federatedauthentication federationsetting connected-org-configs
atlas federatedauthentication federationsetting connectedOrgConfig
atlas federatedauthentication federationsetting connectedorgconfig
atlas federatedauthentication federationsetting connected-org-config
atlas federatedauthentication federation-setting connectedOrgConfigs
atlas federatedauthentication federation-setting connectedorgconfigs
atlas federatedauthentication federation-setting connected-org-configs
atlas federatedauthentication federation-setting connectedOrgConfig
atlas federatedauthentication federation-setting connectedorgconfig
atlas federatedauthentication federation-setting connected-org-config
atlas federated-authentication federationSettings connectedOrgConfigs
atlas federated-authentication federationSettings connectedorgconfigs
atlas federated-authentication federationSettings connected-org-configs
atlas federated-authentication federationSettings connectedOrgConfig
atlas federated-authentication federationSettings connectedorgconfig
atlas federated-authentication federationSettings connected-org-config
atlas federated-authentication federationsettings connectedOrgConfigs
atlas federated-authentication federationsettings connectedorgconfigs
atlas federated-authentication federationsettings connected-org-configs
atlas federated-authentication federationsettings connectedOrgConfig
atlas federated-authentication federationsettings connectedorgconfig
atlas federated-authentication federationsettings connected-org-config
atlas federated-authentication federation-settings connectedOrgConfigs
atlas federated-authentication federation-settings connectedorgconfigs
atlas federated-authentication federation-settings connected-org-configs
atlas federated-authentication federation-settings connectedOrgConfig
atlas federated-authentication federation-settings connectedorgconfig
atlas federated-authentication federation-settings connected-org-config
atlas federated-authentication federationSetting connectedOrgConfigs
atlas federated-authentication federationSetting connectedorgconfigs
atlas federated-authentication federationSetting connected-org-configs
atlas federated-authentication federationSetting connectedOrgConfig
atlas federated-authentication federationSetting connectedorgconfig
atlas federated-authentication federationSetting connected-org-config
atlas federated-authentication federationsetting connectedOrgConfigs
atlas federated-authentication federationsetting connectedorgconfigs
atlas federated-authentication federationsetting connected-org-configs
atlas federated-authentication federationsetting connectedOrgConfig
atlas federated-authentication federationsetting connectedorgconfig
atlas federated-authentication federationsetting connected-org-config
atlas federated-authentication federation-setting connectedOrgConfigs
atlas federated-authentication federation-setting connectedorgconfigs
atlas federated-authentication federation-setting connected-org-configs
atlas federated-authentication federation-setting connectedOrgConfig
atlas federated-authentication federation-setting connectedorgconfig
atlas federated-authentication federation-setting connected-org-config
```



### Flags

```
  -h, --help   help for connectedOrgConfigs

```


### Flags inherited from parent commands

```
  -P, --profile string   Name of the profile to use from your configuration file. To learn about profiles for the Atlas CLI, see https://dochub.mongodb.org/core/atlas-cli-save-connection-settings.

```

### See Also


* [atlas federatedAuthentication federationSettings](atlas_federatedAuthentication_federationSettings.md)	- Manage Atlas Federated Authentication Federation Settings

* [atlas federatedAuthentication federationSettings connectedOrgConfigs connect](atlas_federatedAuthentication_federationSettings_connectedOrgConfigs_connect.md)	- Connect an Identity Provider to an Organization.

* [atlas federatedAuthentication federationSettings connectedOrgConfigs delete](atlas_federatedAuthentication_federationSettings_connectedOrgConfigs_delete.md)	- Delete a connected org config Organization.

* [atlas federatedAuthentication federationSettings connectedOrgConfigs describe](atlas_federatedAuthentication_federationSettings_connectedOrgConfigs_describe.md)	- Describe a Connected Org Config.

* [atlas federatedAuthentication federationSettings connectedOrgConfigs disconnect](atlas_federatedAuthentication_federationSettings_connectedOrgConfigs_disconnect.md)	- Connect an Identity Provider to an Organization.

* [atlas federatedAuthentication federationSettings connectedOrgConfigs list](atlas_federatedAuthentication_federationSettings_connectedOrgConfigs_list.md)	- Describe a Connected Org Config.

* [atlas federatedAuthentication federationSettings connectedOrgConfigs update](atlas_federatedAuthentication_federationSettings_connectedOrgConfigs_update.md)	- Update One Org Config Connected to One Federation Setting.



