## atlas dataLakePipelines availableSnapshots

Manage available backup snapshots for data lake pipelines.




### Aliases
```

atlas dataLakePipelines availableSnapshots
atlas dataLakePipelines availablesnapshots
atlas dataLakePipelines available-snapshots
atlas dataLakePipelines availableSnapshot
atlas dataLakePipelines availablesnapshot
atlas dataLakePipelines available-snapshot
atlas datalakepipelines availableSnapshots
atlas datalakepipelines availablesnapshots
atlas datalakepipelines available-snapshots
atlas datalakepipelines availableSnapshot
atlas datalakepipelines availablesnapshot
atlas datalakepipelines available-snapshot
atlas data-lake-pipelines availableSnapshots
atlas data-lake-pipelines availablesnapshots
atlas data-lake-pipelines available-snapshots
atlas data-lake-pipelines availableSnapshot
atlas data-lake-pipelines availablesnapshot
atlas data-lake-pipelines available-snapshot
atlas dataLakePipeline availableSnapshots
atlas dataLakePipeline availablesnapshots
atlas dataLakePipeline available-snapshots
atlas dataLakePipeline availableSnapshot
atlas dataLakePipeline availablesnapshot
atlas dataLakePipeline available-snapshot
atlas datalakepipeline availableSnapshots
atlas datalakepipeline availablesnapshots
atlas datalakepipeline available-snapshots
atlas datalakepipeline availableSnapshot
atlas datalakepipeline availablesnapshot
atlas datalakepipeline available-snapshot
atlas data-lake-pipeline availableSnapshots
atlas data-lake-pipeline availablesnapshots
atlas data-lake-pipeline available-snapshots
atlas data-lake-pipeline availableSnapshot
atlas data-lake-pipeline availablesnapshot
atlas data-lake-pipeline available-snapshot
```



### Flags

```
  -h, --help   help for availableSnapshots

```


### Flags inherited from parent commands

```
  -P, --profile string   Name of the profile to use from your configuration file. To learn about profiles for the Atlas CLI, see https://dochub.mongodb.org/core/atlas-cli-save-connection-settings.

```

### See Also


* [atlas dataLakePipelines](atlas_dataLakePipelines.md)	- Data Lake pipelines.

* [atlas dataLakePipelines availableSnapshots list](atlas_dataLakePipelines_availableSnapshots_list.md)	- Return all available backup snapshots for the specified data lake pipeline.



