## atlas federatedAuthentication federationSettings identityProvider update

Update Federated Authentication Identity Providers.




### Aliases
```

atlas federatedAuthentication federationSettings identityProvider update
atlas federatedAuthentication federationSettings identityprovider update
atlas federatedAuthentication federationSettings identity-provider update
atlas federatedAuthentication federationsettings identityProvider update
atlas federatedAuthentication federationsettings identityprovider update
atlas federatedAuthentication federationsettings identity-provider update
atlas federatedAuthentication federation-settings identityProvider update
atlas federatedAuthentication federation-settings identityprovider update
atlas federatedAuthentication federation-settings identity-provider update
atlas federatedAuthentication federationSetting identityProvider update
atlas federatedAuthentication federationSetting identityprovider update
atlas federatedAuthentication federationSetting identity-provider update
atlas federatedAuthentication federationsetting identityProvider update
atlas federatedAuthentication federationsetting identityprovider update
atlas federatedAuthentication federationsetting identity-provider update
atlas federatedAuthentication federation-setting identityProvider update
atlas federatedAuthentication federation-setting identityprovider update
atlas federatedAuthentication federation-setting identity-provider update
atlas federatedauthentication federationSettings identityProvider update
atlas federatedauthentication federationSettings identityprovider update
atlas federatedauthentication federationSettings identity-provider update
atlas federatedauthentication federationsettings identityProvider update
atlas federatedauthentication federationsettings identityprovider update
atlas federatedauthentication federationsettings identity-provider update
atlas federatedauthentication federation-settings identityProvider update
atlas federatedauthentication federation-settings identityprovider update
atlas federatedauthentication federation-settings identity-provider update
atlas federatedauthentication federationSetting identityProvider update
atlas federatedauthentication federationSetting identityprovider update
atlas federatedauthentication federationSetting identity-provider update
atlas federatedauthentication federationsetting identityProvider update
atlas federatedauthentication federationsetting identityprovider update
atlas federatedauthentication federationsetting identity-provider update
atlas federatedauthentication federation-setting identityProvider update
atlas federatedauthentication federation-setting identityprovider update
atlas federatedauthentication federation-setting identity-provider update
atlas federated-authentication federationSettings identityProvider update
atlas federated-authentication federationSettings identityprovider update
atlas federated-authentication federationSettings identity-provider update
atlas federated-authentication federationsettings identityProvider update
atlas federated-authentication federationsettings identityprovider update
atlas federated-authentication federationsettings identity-provider update
atlas federated-authentication federation-settings identityProvider update
atlas federated-authentication federation-settings identityprovider update
atlas federated-authentication federation-settings identity-provider update
atlas federated-authentication federationSetting identityProvider update
atlas federated-authentication federationSetting identityprovider update
atlas federated-authentication federationSetting identity-provider update
atlas federated-authentication federationsetting identityProvider update
atlas federated-authentication federationsetting identityprovider update
atlas federated-authentication federationsetting identity-provider update
atlas federated-authentication federation-setting identityProvider update
atlas federated-authentication federation-setting identityprovider update
atlas federated-authentication federation-setting identity-provider update
```



### Flags

```
  -h, --help   help for update

```


### Flags inherited from parent commands

```
  -P, --profile string   Name of the profile to use from your configuration file. To learn about profiles for the Atlas CLI, see https://dochub.mongodb.org/core/atlas-cli-save-connection-settings.

```

### See Also


* [atlas federatedAuthentication federationSettings identityProvider](atlas_federatedAuthentication_federationSettings_identityProvider.md)	- Manage Federated Authentication Identity Providers.

* [atlas federatedAuthentication federationSettings identityProvider update oidc](atlas_federatedAuthentication_federationSettings_identityProvider_update_oidc.md)	- Update an OIDC identity provider.



